so try to kill me please don't drive now
I'm miles and this is the story of the
worst day of my life another excuse I'm
in schisms his excuse is impeached
random psychos weirdos and criminals and
made them fight each other to the death
so the internet walked it and then I
came into the picture you scared welcome
to schism
the bolted these things to my hands
they have my girlfriend and some psycho
to try to kill me I'm not a fighter I'm
nobody
oh it's one thing to say you can't face
violence but when it faces you you
better be ready
when the [ __ ] goes down you better be
ready right yeah
stop shooting at me
I'm gonna kill you Gizem submit with
white my swing no schism is gonna kill
us folks
I have a plan
it's totally suicidal but it might work
get out of the car please come on please
get out thank you thank you very much
sorry
I'll do the win
[Music]